as a partner of the uma
and as a university coach in these
thank moments administration
temporary because I honestly believe that
if the management they have done in this
year and a half two years almost two years that
they are in the club
no no it would not have been possible for
university is champion last year
and not possible decision that university
come out of this bad moment
who has lived until recently not in
as to results and I say it clearly
because why
I've had different stages in the uam
and as a footballer later as
trainer and working conditions
they were inadequate now the thing has
totally changed is another club
university and that's why I
thanks to the administration
temporary because it provides all the
facilities to be able to make a good
work in the next row I say that
this team is very talented in all
your lines have players who have a
great sense of belonging by
university students are the great
mostly out of the house and those who do not
are out in the house are fans of
club as the case of rainer towers by
say it clearly
and then all are all from
university because i a werner schüler
ya néstor duarte that one is from cantolao
I think werner and werner from where it does not come
of races I think it was not but good
but they formed regattas I think they came very
young people at 2 to 1 ours arrived
as I was 17 years old and berna when I had
18 if I'm not wrong then this this
is a team made up of soccer players
of the house that have a sense of
very large membership by the shirt and
today they have shown that
feeling is delivered on the court to
that adds the audacity that
have to play soccer with play is
very talented half of the
court for in front of best with much
talent with a great future and I the
I congratulate everyone very much because
because I do not remember long ago
time of a match like that
university has won many
matches last year has come out champion
but a party that has lost against the
san martín because san martín is a
great team has great players
and he has a great coach like
furious of uribe who was my coach
as well
and the great merit to have won him a
important team like the university
san martín you will the attitude
Claw as you call it
definitely appears in these
moments but it 's a team that shows
football in all its lines and that's why at
final is able to turn a
result so not with the team already caught
trust Miguel and that is very important
the team of a team that was very
beaten
it's the players themselves what happens
that has chained three victories
followed and that gives you a lot of moral and much
confidence to continue believing what is
is doing the trainings
definitely not
and I think that such a result
emotionally serves you serves you for the
millo of the opening that is the tournament
opening and closing that is in tournament more
important that comes in this year that
bet on this project of
incorporate club people is very clear
here from the beginning of the idea was
that I assumed as director of football
of the club because that's how it was
agreed unfortunately from the start
of angel comizzo who resigned
I had to assume this this moment and
good and you have to give it forward and
take this out as working training and
with much dedication nothing more